a nun triplane your seventeen-year-old
girl I was called and I'm going to
become a nun and there's really nothing
that you can say that's going to make me
change my mind
good afternoon all of you since
unfortunately God can't be here to run
this convent himself my voice will serve
as a stand-in for him you'll be spending
the next six months as postulants after
that move into the novitiate any
question put your hand down sister
postulants don't have questions and you
are free to go home what is this you're
reading something to do with this
Vatican - our Pope has suddenly turned
himself into some sort of reform well
that's a good thing perhaps change
meeting the churches need a change I
happen to think the church is perfect
the way do you still couraging all of
your wishes for extreme acts of penance
I would like you to use the discipline
let's go stop I don't think you really
understand we're not supposed to think
about each other because we're not here
for each other we are here only for God
maybe I could just touch your hidden
horse you really not such a touch like
that phone is going on here she must
like she's doing
I think it's wrong with me to keep this
in the dark
[Music]
the church gave me my work my community
even my identity and now the church is
trying to invalidate all that saying
none of it matters so my question is
what is it that really does still